## Introduction

Walk me through your resume.

**NB**: this is your cue to do your personal pitch.  Assume you are applying to Lyft.  

## Hindsight

What would you do differently if you had to do Project X over again?

**NB**: Project X can be any major project you completed at App Academy, during your time in college/grad school, or at a previous job.  

The answer should tell the interviewer:

- What the project was (concisely)
- A description of what you did that wasn't ideal
- A description of how you would do that differently, including an explanation of why (what did you learn after the project?)

## `binary_search`

Implement binary search

### Solution

```ruby
def binary_search(array, target)
  return nil if array.count == 0

  midpoint = array.length / 2
  case target <=> array[midpoint]
  when -1
    binary_search(array.take(midpoint), target)
  when 0
    midpoint
  when 1
    subproblem_answer =
      binary_search(array.drop(midpoint + 1), target)
    subproblem_answer.nil? ? nil : (midpoint + 1) + subproblem_answer
  end
end
```

Time complexity: `O(log(n))`

## `productify`

Given a list of numbers in an array, replace all the numbers with the
product of all other numbers. Do this in `O(n)` time **without using
division**.

### Solution

```ruby
def productify(arr)
  products = Array.new(arr.length, 1)

  lower_prod = 1
  0.upto(arr.size - 1) do |i|
    products[i] = products[i] * lower_prod
    lower_prod = lower_prod * arr[i]
  end

  upper_prod = 1
  (arr.size - 1).downto(0) do |i|
    products[i] = products[i] * upper_prod
    upper_prod = upper_prod * arr[i]
  end

  products
end
```

Each item `products[j]` in the result array can be thought of the product of all elements where index `i > j` (the elements before i) times all the items where index `i < j` (the elements after i).

How do we get the product of all the items before and after each element in `O(n)` time? We can first find the `lower_product` at each index `i`, which keeps track of the product of all the elements before `i`, and multiply each element `products[i]` in the result array by the current `lower_product`. We then step backwards through the indices to calculate the `upper_product` and multiply each element `products[i]` in the result array with the current `upper_product`.

This allows us to calculate the product of all elements except for the element at `arr[i]` in `O(n)` time.
